it's weird you like hanging out with
animals more than people yeah
well animals get me a rescue George he
was two years old George never would
have survived on his own he definitely
trusts you
he's not just a friend he's family
don't move a muscle are you crazy don't
move okay very funny you and I laughing
at your joke new guy you know bad he cry
hmm
you can get up now and check your diaper
come on let's go where your message
about George you okay I don't know
George it's okay
is it mirrors he considerably bigger no
he's definitely bigger need to find
someone who knows exactly what the hell
this thing is
I found her no that's a lie technically
she found us last night he was seven
feet five hundred pounds this morning
he's almost nine feet pushing a thousand
are you familiar with CRISPR yeah
genetic engineering it's more like
genetic editing I am the only one who
can cure
[Applause]
George George George okay okay yes I
know you're scared I'm gonna help you
[Applause]
away from the animal it's okay it's okay
it's okay
I'm the primatologist here I look after
this animal I can handle this situation
I just need you to lower your weapons
please stand down stand down try to
sales and chase they came run
where's Jorge I need to see him he is
dangerous
hello today huh science experiments
falling from the sky having George on
that plane it's big mistake
I think we'll be all right
we've created the next chapter in
natural selection project rampage works
another one of your little science
experiments running around what do you
mean another is he the only one oh you
didn't know about the 30-foot wolf
[Music]
[Applause]
weirdos on the Internet calling him
Ralph it's clever
let's go safe well it's coming back
of course the wolf lives
you have to evacuate Chicago George
didn't ask for this they're gonna put
them down
that's not happening
[Music]
that's a big arm don't fight it
there's something in the river I was
just thinking the only thing that's
missing right now is the giant crocodile
there are other ways of dealing with
people
I do know that yeah but that's not fun
[Music]
George okay ready to do this buddy
project rampage works they have
increased strength speed agility first
rule of dealing with hostile animals
remain god damn
[Music]